Which brings us to is it OK.
Is this bad.
Am I in trouble for doing this.
And the answer is yes and no.
It really really depends.
Let's just run through the bullet points first.
Some websites just don't want you to scrape them just like in Python.
You know we can make variable's kind of private pseudo private.
We can ask people please.
This is not for you to use outside the class but there's nothing stopping them.
Kind of the same thing with scraping a lot of developers and companies try and make their data harder
just scrape.
They're constantly updating the team out changing structures.
Let's talk about that in a moment as well.
And they try and make it hard but they can't actually prevent you from doing it because by making their
team available to all of their users they're making it available to any user who wants to write code
descript.
But there is a system in place there's a way for a web site to tell you that they want or don't want
certain pages to be accessed by programatic your code.
And it's called the robot's text file.
And this is a Web site's way of saying we don't want any code accessing all of these pages but this
page is OK but it is not law.
It's not rule.
It's just convention.
And sometimes people might say it's wishful thinking on the part of the Web sites for example I'm now
on I am D-B let's say that I wanted to I don't know download data about directors and I was trying to
figure out you know the I don't know some statistics about how many female directors there are on all
of I am D.B I would scrape all directors data and maybe I want to find you know what city in England
has produced the most directors is something crazy like that.
Well we could go and find all directors and then for each page we would get some information whatever
you want.
Remember it's H-2 him.
It's a lot messier than what we see.
But before we do anything if we were a thoughtful developer we could consult the robots that TXI file.
So it's IMT B.Com slash robots that T.
And this is the guidelines.
And you can see it's actually kind of funny for some reason they've singled out Yahoo's slurper crawler
and that code and they've disallowed almost everything.
I think they may have allowed it to do a little bit more than what they've disallowed for everyone else.
So there's two sections on here.
If you are Yahoo's code versus everyone else and everyone else basically has everything disallowed every
part of the page.
And if we compare that.
I haven't actually gone through it compared but I'm not sure if they're allowed or disallowed more or
fewer items.
It's not it's unclear to me but it doesn't matter because what we can see here is that pretty much everything
is disallowed.
So things like movies we can't look at slash movies with code or we're not supposed to comment.
Actors actresses TV schedules awards directors everything that we would care about.
It's unavailable to us according to this.
Like you said it's not set in stone but this is what they're asking us not to do.
Compare this to the robots that textfile on rhythm school but.
This is a boot camp in San Francisco that I work with and a couple of my friends started it.
You can see it's a lot more forgiving.
User Agent star means anyone wherever you're coming from you're allowed to access everything.
That's what this is signifying here.
So it's way more forgiving.
There's no exceptions there's no disallows compared to I am D-B.
One thing I'd like to point out is that if you are scraping you want to be polite either way if you're
doing it with the blessing of the website or you're doing it sneakily you want to.
If you're making a ton of requests like if we were trying to scrape Craigslist not that we should.
And I'll tell you why in just a second.
There's been some lawsuits involved.
But if we wanted to try that and we wanted to get every page not just the high level data for the apartments
but I wanted the full description where I have to actually open up each apartment and click on a link
or programmatically request it then that means might be working with.
I don't know a hundred thousand or more a day.
We want to space the requests out so we don't want to just constantly be making these requests one after
another over and over and over.
Way faster than any human would.
And that's for one reason that's to be polite.
We don't want to overload their servers.
But also if they notice if the developers or a server notices 100000 requests coming from one IP address
and it's very clear that somebody is scraping them.
So you want to be POLITES you want to space things out if you're going to be repeated the scraping over
and over and over.
So now I have a cautionary tale.
So this Craigslist Inc versus three taps Inc.
It has a Wikipedia page the lawsuit.
As far as I'm no legal scholar but this was big news back in the day of some developer circles when
Moses couple of years ago 2012 where a court case there was a court case where this company three taps
inquere scraping Craigslist and using their data to build they weren't just analyzing it like I was
talking about.
They built another web site I believe.
And what happened is that Craigslist didn't approve of that and they weren't able to just sue immediately.
So it's not like I'm not giving legal advice.
Just a disclaimer here.
As far as I understand you could not be sued or go to jail or be fined or something simply for scraping.
But once a cease and desist letter has been sent this says that sending a cease and desist letter and
acting an IP address block is sufficient notice of online trespassing which a plaintiff can use to claim
a violation of the computer fraud and abuse act.
So Craigslist wasn't a fan that found out about it.
They sent a cease and desist and they blocked the IP address of three taps Inc.
That was enough to basically count all men trespassing.
In the end Craigslist won three taps had to shut down.
They had to pay a million dollars which was donated to the electronic frontier Foundation.
And yeah I think that's pretty much it.
Overall the point that I'm trying to make here is that Scraping is potentially problematic and you do
want to be careful you don't want to just launch a Web site or a company that you know relies on scraping
and especially if you do get a cease and desist.
Like I said or they block your IP address then you probably should stop scraping.
And I thought Craigslist was not involved with this sort of thing anymore.
But in doing the search to find that Wikipedia page I found this article just from a couple or I guess
about a year ago now that this company Red pad was sued by Craigslist and they were scraping data from
Craigslist and making their own front end.
I'm not sure of the details.
But there is a 60 million dollar penalty that rad pad had to pay.
And if you're interested I think what Redpath actually did was that they went on Craigslist and you
know Craigslist generates these e-mails for you these like obfuscated hidden e-mails that you can reply
to.
I think they were scraping and grabbing all of those e-mail addresses and then sending e-mails and spamming
them something like that.
So that's why the penalty was so massive.
OK.
So you can see it's a really messy world of scraping and just of Internet privacy in general.
So we're going to stay away from anything potentially in that gray area.
We're going to scrape my own sites and sites that I've worked on where we have permission to scrape.
I just I didn't feel good about sending thousands of people potentially to go scrape some site that
may change their mind and that also ties into the fact that when a web site changes if they catch on
that they're being scraped off and they will change urged.
Tim Allen basically break your code.
And I didn't want that to happen in this course as well.
So we have some other examples.
We will be scraping.
You can take what you learned in this section and apply it anywhere but just be responsible like I said
we'll get.